Hello guys
Today I would like you to do the
jailbreak untethered noé 6.0 works
to 6.06 10.1 and 6.1 and works in
any side
I'm using a ipad 3 honey keeps up
the phantom i saw two gigas i cleaned it
has a video on the channel showing how
to prepare only for more prestige break is
keep and restore it was a sin
nor did I restore and asked him the style
active jailbreak that intimate dops is just
call and put and the story does not
needs df olena the link to it and see
which is a program that you will use
they are here in the right description is he
has quit show it forth the
chose this mission with 10 is still
see you here is to reconcile children still
run as administrator
here the ipad 3g 106.1 taesp contact is
just like you and you'll stay right
he promises to energize the system that
makes your device a sin and restore
backup is aware of the
This took a while because advised
You cleanse your father of Varzim leave as
he did if he sinned with is cleaner
the jec goes much faster
the note from the oab is going to answer if
can see if he had set up
You said you did not move too much leaving
connected
I was on ipad 5.1.1 to the software
free and is already putting on the flu
now the people read a message, I see myself
asking you to move the device
and open the application called jailbreak
as you can see on it ready just
I opened it, did not I?
not it closes it opens and closes but there in the
program is already running
He even says not to lose again, I will.
leave it quiet here the ipad it seems
breathe and spoke of break is complete
idiot speaking that the hotel should most
start a few times to complete the
process is normal
here's even a note for you to make a
backup still going snows is a mistake you
Are you going to have to look at this already?
You can push and people can not just leave.
I never do this while the ipad does not
to appear online is more than
is using this advice you see that the
chevette is installed what I see
you will see
I met gabriel
but he's still ready
Athletic dominated here is that okay with
blocked count
Let's unlock as you can.
see we're here with him.
It's going to be answered here some April.
do it again
This is normal 2011, there I go.
put as user is there or
Working, that's it, guys.
have liked to sign up for the
a video wave that helps you a lot
you can add to favorites too
it helps too much
That's it and until the next video